New Resource: `azurerm_service_fabric_mesh_application` (#6761)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/service_fabric_mesh_application.html.markdown

  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location

  service {
    name    = "testservice1"
    os_type = "Linux"

    code_package {
      name       = "testcodepackage1"
      image_name = "seabreeze/sbz-helloworld:1.0-alpine"

      resources {
        requests {
          memory = 1
          cpu    = 1
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Service Fabric Mesh Application. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group in which the Service Fabric Mesh Application exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the Azure Region where the Service Fabric Mesh Application should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `service` - (Required) Any number of `service` block as defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---

A `service` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the service resource.

> * `os_type` - (Required) The operating system required by the code in service. Valid values include: 'Linux' or 'Windows'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `os_type` - (Required) The operating system required by the code in service. Valid values are `Linux` or `Windows`.
```
